Docs: Add changelogger info to monorepo.md (#19122)
Automattic/jetpack: docs/monorepo.md

* `tools/create-release-branch.sh` will help you create the correctly named release branch, and will automatically update version numbers and versions of monorepo packages for you. The GitHub Action will then mirror this branch to your plugin's mirror repo.
* `tools/deploy-to-svn.sh` will prepare a temporary directory with the content of the mirror repo branch that is ready to be pushed to WordPress.org SVN.
* `tools/revert-release.sh` will prepare a temporary directory that updates the "Stable version" tag in `readme.txt` to the previous version, in case an emergency rollback is required.

## Jetpack Changelogger

The [Jetpack Changelogger](https://packagist.org/packages/automattic/jetpack-changelogger) tool helps in managing a changelog for a project by having each PR drop a specially-formatted "change file" into a changelog directory, which the tool can then process for a release.

> As implemented by the Jetpack Monorepo, any PR that touches the Jetpack plugin itself, or anything else in the `/projects` directory will require a specially-formatted file to the project's specified `changelog` directory; there is a [command](#using-the-jetpack-changelogger) mentioned below that can help create the change file.

Reviewer: The grammar is off in this sentence. Maybe (from your edit to the field guide page)
```suggestion
As implemented by the Jetpack Monorepo, any PR that touches the Jetpack plugin itself, or anything else in the `/projects` directory will need to add a specially-formatted file to the project's specified `changelog` directory; there is a [command](#using-the-jetpack-changelogger) mentioned below that can help create the change file.
```

**What does the change file look like?** It’s a text file with a header-and-body format, like HTTP or email. A change file might look like this:

```
Significance: patch
Type: compat

Block Editor: update all blocks to be fully compatible with WordPress 5.7.
```

The “Significance” header specifies the significance of change in the style of [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/): patch, minor, or major.

The “Type” header categorizes the change in the changelog. In Jetpack, for example, our changelog divides changes into “Major Enhancements”, “Enhancements”, “Improved compatibility”, and “Bugfixes”.

The body is separated from the headers by a blank line, and is the text that actually goes into the changelog. This should follow our recommendations for [writing a good changelog entry](./writing-a-good-changelog-entry.md). Feel free to (sparingly) use Markdown in the body text.

### Using the Jetpack Changelogger

> The changelogger tool is dev-required by each project via Composer, and after `composer install`, may be run to interactively add a change file using:

Reviewer: Extraneous comma
```suggestion
The changelogger tool is dev-required by each project via Composer, and after `composer install` may be run to interactively add a change file using:
```
Or else a missing comma
```suggestion
The changelogger tool is dev-required by each project via Composer, and, after `composer install`, may be run to interactively add a change file using:
```
